Feature/api 9038 fields existence conf pushes webhooks (#960)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/rtm-reference/index.mdx

### `agent_created`

> Informs that a new agent account was created. Push will contain full state of agent rule resource - empty fields won't be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a new agent account was created. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#agent) data structure, including empty fields.
```

> Informs that a new agent account was created. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#agent) data structure, including empty fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a new agent account was created. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](#agent) data structure, including empty fields.
```

### `auto_access_added`

> Informs that a new [auto access](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#auto-access) rule was added. Push will contain full state of auto access rule resource - empty fields won't be omitted. Updating rule may result in multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) pushes, depending on `next_id` value

Reviewer: The same pattern as for webhooks

### `auto_access_updated`

> Informs that the configration of an [auto access](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#auto-access) rule changed. Contains only the updated properties. Updating rule may result in multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) webhooks, depending on `next_id` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that the configration of an [auto access](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#auto-access) rule changed. Contains only the updated properties.
```

### `auto_access_deleted`

> Informs that an [auto access](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#auto-access) rule was deleted. Deleting rule may result in multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) webhooks, depending on rule `next_id` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that an [auto access](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#auto-access) rule was deleted.
```

### `bot_created`

> Informs that a new bot was added. The payload contains the full state of the [bot](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#bot) data structure, including empty fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a new bot was added. The payload contains the full state of the [bot](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#bots) data structure, including empty fields.
```

### `group_created`

> Informs that a group was created within a license. The payload contains the full state of the [group](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#group) data structure, including empty fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a group was created within a license. The payload contains the full state of the [group](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#groups) data structure, including empty fields.
```
